README.md, before:

# Free Manga Downloader (FMD)

<sup>(Forked from https://github.com/riderkick/FMD)</sup>

## Download

[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/fmd-project-team/FMD.svg)](https://github.com/fmd-project-team/FMD/releases/latest)

## About FMD

This is an active fork of the Free Manga Downloader which is a free open source application written in Object Pascal for managing and downloading manga from various websites. The source code was released under the GPLv2 license.  
  
## Build instructions

In order to build FMD from the source code, you must install the latest version of Lazarus and Free Pascal Compiler:  
[![Lazarus IDE 2.0.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lazarus%20IDE-2.0.6-Blue.svg)](http://www.lazarus-ide.org/)  

To compile FMD some packages and components are needed. You can download and install most of them by the built-in Online Package Manager (OPM).  
The following packages and components are used for building FMD:  
![Synapse 40.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Synapse-OPM%20(40.1)-Blue.svg) <sup>(Compile before "InternetTools")</sup>  
![DCPCrypt 2.0.4.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/DCPCrypt-OPM%20(2.0.4.1)-Blue.svg)  
![RichMemo (18.01.2020)](https://img.shields.io/badge/RichMemo-OPM%20(18.01.2020)-Blue.svg)  
![LCL Extensions 0.6.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/LCL%20Extensions-OPM%20(0.6.1)-Blue.svg) <sup>(Compile before "Virtual TreeView")</sup>  
![Virtual TreeView 5.5.3.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Virtual%20TreeView-OPM%20(5.5.3.1)-Blue.svg)  
[![MultiLog (02.12.2019)](https://img.shields.io/badge/MultiLog-git%20master%20commit%20fd700fa5343c1b0e08063f88a1e6761036b10efc%20(02.12.2019)-Blue.svg)](https://github.com/blikblum/multilog)  
[![InternetTools (19.01.2020)](https://img.shields.io/badge/InternetTools-git%20master%20commit%20b834f9a3699e7d01bbd0cfafa8c4f7f75cff274d%20(19.01.2020)-Blue.svg)](https://github.com/benibela/internettools)  
  
After everything is installed, open the file `md.lpi` by using Lazarus IDE.  
Make sure to add `ssl_openssl` to the uses list of `Synapse` and compile the package again.  
To compile and build the source code of FMD select `Run -> Build`. If everything is ok, the binary file should be in `FMD_source_code_folder/bin`.  
  
If `InternetTools` fails to compile because of a missing or incompatible PPU, make sure to compile `Synapse` first.  
  
Some other external 3rd party tools and libraries are used as well:  
[![7-Zip](https://img.shields.io/badge/7--Zip%20(Standalone)-19.00-Blue.svg)](https://www.7-zip.org)  
[![Duktape](https://img.shields.io/badge/Duktape-2.5.0-Blue.svg)](https://github.com/grijjy/DelphiDuktape)  
[![WebP (libwebp)](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebP%20(libwebp)-1.1.0-Blue.svg)](https://github.com/webmproject/libwebp/)  
[![Lua](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lua-5.3.3-Blue.svg)](http://luabinaries.sourceforge.net/)  
[![OpenSSL](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenSSL-1.1.1d-Blue.svg)](https://www.openssl.org/)  
[![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-3.30.1-Blue.svg)](https://www.sqlite.org/)  
  
These tools and libraries are not part of the source. You have to either download pre-compiled binaries, compile them yourself or just copy them from the latest FMD releases.  
  
## Localization

Translations are stored inside `languages` folder with `.po` extension.  
In order to translate FMD to your native language you can copy `fmd.po` and rename it to `fmd.xx.po`, where `xx` stand for two-letter language code.  
Additionally you can add country code at the end of language code. For reference you can look at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1. For example `id_ID` will be recognized as `Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesia)`.  
To translate the content of the file you need to use translation tools like [Poedit](https://poedit.net).  
Once you have finished translating all of its content you can launch FMD and it will automatically detect your new languages upon startup.

Commit message:

This repository will be archived

README.md, after:

# Free Manga Downloader (FMD)

<sup>(Forked from https://github.com/riderkick/FMD)</sup>

# DISCONTINUED, PLEASE MOVE ON TO FMD2

This fork of FMD will not be continued any further. You can still use it but it won't get any updates anymore.
You can still find us on our Discord server and talk about FMD or even FMD2, but you should still report bugs, etc. to its repository instead.

FMD2 can be found here: https://github.com/dazedcat19/FMD2
 
 
 
## Download

[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/fmd-project-team/FMD.svg)](https://github.com/fmd-project-team/FMD/releases/latest)

## About FMD

This is an active fork of the Free Manga Downloader which is a free open source application written in Object Pascal for managing and downloading manga from various websites. The source code was released under the GPLv2 license.  
  
## Build instructions

In order to build FMD from the source code, you must install the latest version of Lazarus and Free Pascal Compiler:  
[![Lazarus IDE 2.0.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lazarus%20IDE-2.0.6-Blue.svg)](http://www.lazarus-ide.org/)  

To compile FMD some packages and components are needed. You can download and install most of them by the built-in Online Package Manager (OPM).  
The following packages and components are used for building FMD:  
![Synapse 40.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Synapse-OPM%20(40.1)-Blue.svg) <sup>(Compile before "InternetTools")</sup>  
![DCPCrypt 2.0.4.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/DCPCrypt-OPM%20(2.0.4.1)-Blue.svg)  
![RichMemo (18.01.2020)](https://img.shields.io/badge/RichMemo-OPM%20(18.01.2020)-Blue.svg)  
![LCL Extensions 0.6.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/LCL%20Extensions-OPM%20(0.6.1)-Blue.svg) <sup>(Compile before "Virtual TreeView")</sup>  
![Virtual TreeView 5.5.3.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Virtual%20TreeView-OPM%20(5.5.3.1)-Blue.svg)  
[![MultiLog (02.12.2019)](https://img.shields.io/badge/MultiLog-git%20master%20commit%20fd700fa5343c1b0e08063f88a1e6761036b10efc%20(02.12.2019)-Blue.svg)](https://github.com/blikblum/multilog)  
[![InternetTools (19.01.2020)](https://img.shields.io/badge/InternetTools-git%20master%20commit%20b834f9a3699e7d01bbd0cfafa8c4f7f75cff274d%20(19.01.2020)-Blue.svg)](https://github.com/benibela/internettools)  
  
After everything is installed, open the file `md.lpi` by using Lazarus IDE.  
Make sure to add `ssl_openssl` to the uses list of `Synapse` and compile the package again.  
To compile and build the source code of FMD select `Run -> Build`. If everything is ok, the binary file should be in `FMD_source_code_folder/bin`.  
  
If `InternetTools` fails to compile because of a missing or incompatible PPU, make sure to compile `Synapse` first.  
  
Some other external 3rd party tools and libraries are used as well:  
[![7-Zip](https://img.shields.io/badge/7--Zip%20(Standalone)-19.00-Blue.svg)](https://www.7-zip.org)  
[![Duktape](https://img.shields.io/badge/Duktape-2.5.0-Blue.svg)](https://github.com/grijjy/DelphiDuktape)  
[![WebP (libwebp)](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebP%20(libwebp)-1.1.0-Blue.svg)](https://github.com/webmproject/libwebp/)  
[![Lua](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lua-5.3.3-Blue.svg)](http://luabinaries.sourceforge.net/)  
[![OpenSSL](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenSSL-1.1.1d-Blue.svg)](https://www.openssl.org/)  
[![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-3.30.1-Blue.svg)](https://www.sqlite.org/)  
  
These tools and libraries are not part of the source. You have to either download pre-compiled binaries, compile them yourself or just copy them from the latest FMD releases.  
  
## Localization

Translations are stored inside `languages` folder with `.po` extension.  
In order to translate FMD to your native language you can copy `fmd.po` and rename it to `fmd.xx.po`, where `xx` stand for two-letter language code.  
Additionally you can add country code at the end of language code. For reference you can look at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1. For example `id_ID` will be recognized as `Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesia)`.  
To translate the content of the file you need to use translation tools like [Poedit](https://poedit.net).  
Once you have finished translating all of its content you can launch FMD and it will automatically detect your new languages upon startup.
